Nicki Cummings: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi.
Nicki Cummings: How are you
Magalie Marcellus: Good, how are you
Nicki Cummings: I'm sorry, I've been trying to check in for trying to check in at 557 but like i guess they were busy and no one got me and said,
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. That's all right. I wasn't Shana. Sometimes they do get busy. I was
Nicki Cummings: Able to make it I like CLICKED OUT OF THERE AND THEN called bright heart health, phone number, and I was like, I'm trying to get in like I have counseling. I don't want to miss this week.
Nicki Cummings: Please, and then I tried to join your room, even though they say we're not. So sounds like we're just waiting. I don't you know one or two to think I'm not coming
Magalie Marcellus: Right. That's why I sometime the woman's not open until I know that you're checked him because we want to avoid that. So right, yeah.
Nicki Cummings: Murray sometimes better than others, but hopefully
Nicki Cummings: Seems like things are going to start turning around here. So, okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So I know a few weeks ago, yet. So some challenges.
Magalie Marcellus: Going on.
Magalie Marcellus: So had things going this week.
Nicki Cummings: Well, last week I found out I was pregnant. So I think hormonally that was a lot to do sit probably
Nicki Cummings: Okay, no.
Magalie Marcellus: You do not have follow following
Nicki Cummings: I think I might be like around five weeks.
Nicki Cummings: But I'm not 100% sure like
Nicki Cummings: I don't know the exact first date of my period. I know like i where i was during one day of it. So I just told them that day and I put it like in with his birth calculators, so
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Nicki Cummings: It says I'm five weeks so
Magalie Marcellus: And it's confirm the pregnancy.
Nicki Cummings: Well, I took two tests. I have my first ob gyn appointment on Friday. Next Friday.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So how you feel in the overall
Nicki Cummings: I'm feeling pretty good. And then I've been waiting for contacts to get covered concert $800 or 798. And I guess my insurance wasn't covering them and then so I can get my driver's license and get a job. And, you know, start getting my life back together and
Nicki Cummings: I'm I finally found an organization that would come from. And they're like, well, usually if you yourself that patient calls the insurance.
Nicki Cummings: Then they'll cover and it's just a matter of you calling them. And so the doctors, so they know that you know this is urgent, you do need this.
Magalie Marcellus: House. All right.
Nicki Cummings: Okay, so they said they would cover it. But then now I haven't heard from the doctor's office in a week. So I'm going to call them tomorrow, like, you know, just making sure everything's okay and insurance went through, because if not the other organization will pay for them.
You know,
Nicki Cummings: To get this going.
Magalie Marcellus: OK, so now your glasses.
Nicki Cummings: Um, I don't have any glasses right now. They were broken and my insurance only pay for one pair a year.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Like, oh wow
Nicki Cummings: Okay, that's fair was not fixable.
Nicki Cummings: No. Um, but the my eyesight is really bad. I see without correction.
Nicki Cummings: That's what they say. I think I can see better than that.
Nicki Cummings: Like depending on where I'm at, like, close up if I haven't close enough to my face. I can usually see and read everything
Nicki Cummings: Far ways a
Nicki Cummings: Bigger thing for me. But with glasses. The closest I've ever gotten me corrected is 2040 which still is a restricted daytime only driving license, which is fine if I had glasses. Still, and could take the test, but
Nicki Cummings: My contacts that the lady fit me into she got me seeing 2025
Nicki Cummings: It was the best
Magalie Marcellus: Contacts. Yeah. Wow.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, they're called squirrels.
Nicki Cummings: And I guess it over.
Nicki Cummings: Your cornea instead of sitting right on your pupil, so they're able to correct your vision, a lot more
Nicki Cummings: So yeah, she said, when we get yours that actually fit your eyes, and will you might even see 2020
Magalie Marcellus: So is it like a some type of disposable contact is
Nicki Cummings: Made. It's a special made contact the last a year.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Magalie Marcellus: Man, that's good to know.
Magalie Marcellus: So right now, so how are you, adjusting you know without those glasses or some kind of visions assistant
Nicki Cummings: I'm sorry I'm used to it.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you okay so you're able to do you know whatever functions, you need to get them outside of your house travel and all these things all
Nicki Cummings: Right. Well, I don't have a license right now i got i don't VI, a year and a half ago because I had about a
Nicki Cummings: Public Defender that just basically talked me into pleading guilty because she scared me.
Nicki Cummings: But I was on Adderall, because I have narcolepsy, and the state of, well, instead I had too much in my system for the state of Ohio.
Nicki Cummings: And she's like, well, if people are guilty, they're going to give you your whole sentence. But if you plead not guilty, you'll get the least amount of time and blah, blah, blah. And
Nicki Cummings: You know she
Nicki Cummings: Basically just made it sound like the thing I should do because she's like if you plead guilty and they don't want to get a specialist, you're going to get the maximum time
Nicki Cummings: Well, if I I found out via to plead guilty, they would have had to have get a specialist to see like this is what she is.
Nicki Cummings: Prescribing. This is how it should show up in her system.
Nicki Cummings: Hmm. So yeah, I got
Nicki Cummings: But I mean, it was like
Nicki Cummings: My first court and I was scared and she
Magalie Marcellus: So why was the
Magalie Marcellus: Consequence for pleading guilty on that.
Nicki Cummings: Well, what did you have a suspended my license for a year, I have to have
Nicki Cummings: As our 22 bond until 2022
Nicki Cummings: I was on probation for a year.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, okay.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Are you getting closer to get him back, which are license and all that. Now,
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, visions.
Nicki Cummings: Yep, that's all I need. I got the fines paid off so
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, good for you at least you're on the way now.
Magalie Marcellus: Getting
Magalie Marcellus: Your license back
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, right. So what you've been doing with yourself. I know the last those the incident, there was
Magalie Marcellus: Just trying to review what happened with the prescriptions that you were feeling having some difficulty and you were taking some of those skills.
Magalie Marcellus: To help you a little bit more than
Nicki Cummings: A little bit, yes.
And
Nicki Cummings: I shouldn't have did it and I mean I just
Nicki Cummings: I don't know. I was overwhelmed and just having cravings and I think
Nicki Cummings: A lot had to do with it with my hormones changing. I didn't
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
Nicki Cummings: I don't know exactly what and then everything just going on in my life. I know I don't have custody of my other kids right now because of the whole narcolepsy situation. Children Services way for me so
Nicki Cummings: I'm just everything kind of hits at once. Sometimes, and other times you know I can. I'm able to shuffle really good and then sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not okay and you know there's gonna be difficult days and you know
Magalie Marcellus: Better right so so the focus would be when those difficult days happen. How do we cope with them so it doesn't becomes, you know, even more.
Magalie Marcellus: Even more challenging for you to get out of it.
Magalie Marcellus: So how have you been able to cope. The past couple weeks since you know those incident happened.
Magalie Marcellus: What do you do
Magalie Marcellus: What, what are you doing to help you.
Nicki Cummings: I have breathing techniques. Learn from a counselor that you sit like
Nicki Cummings: In a quiet spot if you can, if you can't
Nicki Cummings: You just focus on one thing with your palms up and you inhale as much as you can.
Nicki Cummings: Wait a second. The next house, much as you can.
Nicki Cummings: And then just hold on that until you, you know, and you can actually feel it like I don't feel weird but like tingling down starts in your head and goes your nose like feels like the strength is like just
Magalie Marcellus: The stress. Okay.
Nicki Cummings: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good. And you've been able to do some of those exercises.
Nicki Cummings: Yes. Okay. Okay. And I've also looked into
Nicki Cummings: Pregnancy Yo guys been doing that for the past I've been doing it for three days in a row now. I know it's not a lot, but I haven't known I was pregnant for that long.
I you
Magalie Marcellus: Know,
Nicki Cummings: I love babies. I love
Magalie Marcellus: I
Nicki Cummings: Love being pregnant.
Magalie Marcellus: You know those type who has difficulty with
Magalie Marcellus: Pregnancy or difficult
Magalie Marcellus: No. Oh, OK. OK. And now, you mentioned that Jamison, so should be aware and making sure that you were
Magalie Marcellus: On medication that is not going to be affecting anything
Magalie Marcellus: Because I know there's other people that are still under Suboxone while being pregnant. So I guess that would be monitored.
Nicki Cummings: I'm allergic to subby Suboxone so I'm on somebody text anyway.
Magalie Marcellus: So yeah, let's I usually switch. Gotcha. Okay. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: That's good. So now what are you going
Nicki Cummings: With a thing. Yeah, please see you have something that's going to help you still manage
Magalie Marcellus: Rachel craving and thing. So what's the status with your children and things that were going on with that.
Nicki Cummings: They somehow my
Nicki Cummings: biological mother GOT CUSTODY OF THEM BECAUSE SHE'S MY FAMILY. But she's an alcoholic.
Nicki Cummings: I know she doesn't want them. She didn't take care of me should raise any for kids I raised my brothers, my kids every time I see them. They say mama doesn't want us there. Why do we have to live with her. I want to be with you, mommy. And I just tell them like
Nicki Cummings: You know, mommy doesn't have a house right now and I don't have a car. I have to get my stuff together while you with smokes. I'm not gonna tell my kids like you know your mama got you taken away from me.
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Nicki Cummings: Because she said I was a drug addict and you know I had a sleeping disorder. So, you know, that would just hurt my heart. It's not going to help them. I'm not type person to bad mouth anyone so
Nicki Cummings: It's hard, and she is not wanting to give them up.
Nicki Cummings: She likes the benefits that she gets from she's gone to Hawaii every year when she gets her income tax backs and she's had my kid, which has been
Nicki Cummings: Two years but you shouldn't ever go to Hawaii before that.
Nicki Cummings: So, yeah.
Nicki Cummings: I'm gonna have to take her to court to get him back.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so that was gonna be my next question. Is there any open cases with it a child protective services to kind of work with you to get, you know, do whatever testing me to do in order for you to get them back or
Nicki Cummings: I did everything is supposed to the first time and the
Nicki Cummings: judge ruled against me because he said I wasn't married and I have narcolepsy, and he just doesn't see that working out in a good way.
Nicki Cummings: I did parenting classes. I went over the hoops through fire like my attorney cried she couldn't believe it, like she was in tears when he made the judgment call. SHE'S LIKE, SHE'S DONE EVERYTHING YOU'RE ON A she has not failed a drug test and a year and a half. She
Nicki Cummings: To drug tests a week. One of them is random. One of them's not. She's like, What else do you want her to do.
Nicki Cummings: And he's like, I just don't feel comfortable making the judgment call for those kids to go back to her when she has a medical condition and she's not married, and there's no one else the whole time.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, but it isn't your medical condition being managed right now.
Nicki Cummings: Is was it. Yes, yes.
Nicki Cummings: And that's no it was managed
Nicki Cummings: It was managed in and they had all my doctors access
Nicki Cummings: I allowed them to go to my doctor's office appointment with me. I love them any information they wanted from my doctor they talked to my doctor and private away from me. So
Nicki Cummings: And the children service lady said that I just had my doctor eating out the palm of my hand. I'm like, no, he feels bad for me because what you guys are putting me through
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Nicki Cummings: You're taking my whole life away from me for a medical condition that I'm treating
Magalie Marcellus: And was there any arrangement being considered to be made for you to have visitation on a regular basis with the kids or
Nicki Cummings: The deadlift up
Nicki Cummings: To my mom's
Magalie Marcellus: This question.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes.
Nicki Cummings: Would you oh crap because she's like an amateur person she always has been. So, my kids are at the point now they're five and four years old, where they're going to school and
Nicki Cummings: I guess I know I work here at their daycare. I talked to her Ellen, which is my mother who has them does not talk to me like she will not respond text messages to me. She won't let me know about the doctor's appointments, anything that's going on in their life.
Nicki Cummings: So Amanda, which is this girl that
Nicki Cummings: Is the teacher at their daycare informs me on things everything she knows and my mom actually relies on her quite a bit more than should to watch my kids, which I think is weird, but I'm glad because I feel much better when they're with her than when they're with my mother.
Nicki Cummings: But she has actually sent me a lot of incriminating evidence against Ellen. So I have been like
Nicki Cummings: stockpiling evidence against her. So when I do take her to court. I have proof that she's still an active alcoholic. She's not taking care of them. She's relying on someone else.
Nicki Cummings: they've missed seven days of school. I've read all that down, you know, made
Nicki Cummings: Documentation of it. I'll get documentation on the school that they miss those days, and it's for no reason. It's just because she said she was sick and didn't come pick them up from my grandma's house. She knows I'm here taking care of them. But they're in kindergarten. Yeah.
Nicki Cummings: Miss school whenever she doesn't feel like coming to get them, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: And is there other adults in your at your mom's house you meant Ellen. Is that your mom.
Nicki Cummings: Yes, that's my mom.
Nicki Cummings: Okay, sorry.
Mom.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I just want to clarify who your friends are so
Magalie Marcellus: So Ellen does she has other adults in the household.
Magalie Marcellus: To how the kids. I just
Nicki Cummings: It's just, it's just her
Nicki Cummings: I mean, my son is there and he's 15 but I mean
Magalie Marcellus: Why, but he's even a minor right
Right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: And even with your 15 year old to wasn't allowed to come to you.
Nicki Cummings: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: So do you have any house in life. Now, is that still something I
Nicki Cummings: Don't know thing at my grandmother's house. Yeah, that's something
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so is grandma's. I'm just trying to, um,
Nicki Cummings: My kids live here.
Magalie Marcellus: Shows. So is it because you're having a space or other issues that they don't
Nicki Cummings: There's no space.
Magalie Marcellus: In
Nicki Cummings: My grandma's too old. So, but, I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: Well, even
Magalie Marcellus: Like, at least to have, you know, some type of interaction with the kids.
Magalie Marcellus: Is right what is filling that okay
Magalie Marcellus: Because whatever your house. So you don't have, you know, the space or whatever stuff that's going
Nicki Cummings: For that she lives in come over
It.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Nicki Cummings: I'm once
Nicki Cummings: Once I get my own household
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Okay. And so what are you with that.
Nicki Cummings: Are you oh I
Nicki Cummings: Have been single and haven't had transportation or my license. I'm just not able to get it back. So I'm working all that
Nicki Cummings: But since is one thing pregnant.
Magalie Marcellus: You getting the license. Right, right. And you don't want, you need to make sure you're taking care of yourself to social with a pregnancy.
Magalie Marcellus: Now,
Nicki Cummings: No, I'm able to sign up for low income apartments, since I'm pregnant.
Nicki Cummings: So,
I mean,
Nicki Cummings: I'm not using that as but it's his first step. I mean,
Magalie Marcellus: When was the last time you saw the kids.
Nicki Cummings: It's been two weeks now.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And how often will you allow to see them because I know you said you're
Nicki Cummings: Bringing them.
Magalie Marcellus: Whenever
Magalie Marcellus: It was bringing one so
Nicki Cummings: She was bringing them over every weekend but she hasn't brought them over the past two weekends.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and the she talked to your grandma has some separation with your grandma that she can, you know, find out what's going on. Why the kids and I hear and things like that.
Nicki Cummings: She's Ellen's amateurish is not colic. And my grandma just babies her and acts like she's 14 and is going to be helpless, the rest of her life. But, you know, she should have custody of my kids because she's her precious daughter. I don't know the whole thing is sick. The families twisted
Magalie Marcellus: So right now the focus is getting yourself together things together, then you can
Magalie Marcellus: Get a primary caretaker of NGO kids.
Yes. Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, well, you know, again, if, like, say, if there's any concern for the kids, safety, whatever they add you know this step, you would need to take to ensure that
Magalie Marcellus: You know with godless if the quite makes a determination in there's reason to suspect that the kids not in a safe environment. And there's always a need to take action when it comes to that.
Magalie Marcellus: Then what the agreement back to me.
Nicki Cummings: Or would they not let them have me of the meters and they were taken away from me.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, they'll, they'll still need to make sure that you would be the appropriate have the appropriate housing and
Magalie Marcellus: Be able to take care of them. But what I'm saying. Overall, just to make sure that yes there with Ellen, but they need to make sure that Ellen is the able to take care of them and have a safe environment for them as well.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. So now, how you feeling overall with cravings and, you know, which are recovery, where I would say
Nicki Cummings: The cravings have been better the past week and
Nicki Cummings: I don't mean to sing things seem to be going. All right, right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you have any needs to go to the hospital for any reason, just to
Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Are you on any other medication for any kind of mental health condition right now.
Nicki Cummings: Anxiety.
Nicki Cummings: Yes, I'm on Jana Xanax Ivan tapering off of those since I found out. Well, I started tapering off this before I was pregnant, but because I just don't want, I mean it's not supposed to be for long term and I don't want to be on them for the rest of my life.
Nicki Cummings: And I'm on the
Nicki Cummings: All for narcolepsy.
Nicki Cummings: And I take Trento Alex for depression. It should all be in my
Nicki Cummings: Files.
Magalie Marcellus: And news of
Magalie Marcellus: So for the
Magalie Marcellus: Your narcolepsy. So have you noticed any changes with the medication or do you feel that you know you're able to function with no issues right now with the meds that you're given.
Nicki Cummings: I feel good with the meds and I'm given I've haven't
Nicki Cummings: Been taking that are all since I found out I was pregnant. I go to my neurologist tomorrow, so I'll be able to talk to him about that.
Nicki Cummings: But I'm supposed to. So I'm really tired, the past week, but that's also do his body changes and everything else. So
Magalie Marcellus: Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: And so what's your typical day is like right now. What do you do
Nicki Cummings: I stay at my grandma's house or I go to my boyfriend's house.
Nicki Cummings: I mean, I pretty much, don't I live so far away from everything that no, there's not a job that's in distance to walk or to ride it by so until I get my contacts and can get my license. Then I
Nicki Cummings: Don't have a way to get a job.
Nicki Cummings: But I am going to go fill out applications for low income apartments. As soon as I get the documentation, stating that I am pregnant so
Nicki Cummings: Just one step at a time. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you see a neurologist tomorrow.
Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: You have those APPOINTMENT HOW OFTEN for the neurologists
Nicki Cummings: Once a month.
Magalie Marcellus: Your house and you gotta go now. So once a week, when
Nicki Cummings: I go every once a week.
Magalie Marcellus: And you have those morning, good afternoon. Go.
Nicki Cummings: Tuesday 1030
Nicki Cummings: Good.
Nicki Cummings: Group.
Magalie Marcellus: Though
Magalie Marcellus: Is it the
Magalie Marcellus: Thing is it excellent Apple app, the meditation in sounds like a meditation much into. Is it something that you listen to some kind of imagery. I have, what, what do you use to help you with those things it
Magalie Marcellus: Because I do have
Magalie Marcellus: Techniques. Okay, you just do like just the breathing without using anything else. Okay.
Nicki Cummings: Right. And then I started the yoga, meditation.
Nicki Cummings: Three days ago that's
Nicki Cummings: helped a lot. Even though it's only been three days. I can tell a big difference.
Magalie Marcellus: In issue with you when you go to sleep or staying asleep.
Nicki Cummings: I don't sleep good but
Nicki Cummings: Part of the narcolepsy.
Nicki Cummings: I have been the last seven days, but usually like all I can't go to sleep. And I want to I fall asleep to the TV. I'll sleep, maybe two hours then wake up and then be up for a few hours and go sleep for one or two hours and be up for an hour to so I don't ever sleep good
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so I you extremely tired and also a time
Nicki Cummings: That are all usually keeps me pretty alert during the day and then it just I don't go into a REM cycle at night so
Magalie Marcellus: Not fully rested at night.
Nicki Cummings: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Be helpful for you my calls
Magalie Marcellus: Right now.
Nicki Cummings: For everything to start falling into place.
Magalie Marcellus: First and getting your life. Well, we need to contact
Magalie Marcellus: You say you are you on Honda the office.
Magalie Marcellus: Tomorrow, they get any
Information for the insurance.
Magalie Marcellus: Yep, then
Magalie Marcellus: Because I talked to the dog, the past
Nicki Cummings: Thursday. And she said, I told her I was like the insurance is faxing a form. Now, they said, you just need to fill it out and pack some back and it only takes 24 hours. It's like okay and I asked her, Ellen contact things come in. She's like those take 72 hours. I should have been three days.
Nicki Cummings: I know Dr. Given these but I figured I have at least heard
Nicki Cummings: From her something like hey you know we got contacts ordered it went through the insurance, you know, they're gonna be here above body, but I haven't heard anything
Magalie Marcellus: So I'm going to call tomorrow and just
Nicki Cummings: I was surprised.
Magalie Marcellus: At all.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, but sometimes
Magalie Marcellus: That's a chat to do to make sure that you know
Magalie Marcellus: You know your needs are being met. Because like you say, right, they may get busy and things fall to the side so you just want to make sure that they they know that you need the server, especially this is something that you need to function.
Nicki Cummings: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: For your daily functions.
Magalie Marcellus: Have you had any episode with the
Magalie Marcellus: Was that his show with the epilepsy.
Nicki Cummings: Oh,
Nicki Cummings: Good. Oh yes, I see to
Nicki Cummings: Know, absolutely. I usually I have more frontal lobe seizures and I do grand mal seizures. I have had
Nicki Cummings: Seizures, but it's more frontal lobe seizures and anything
Magalie Marcellus: I said, been a recent episode.
Nicki Cummings: I mean, I don't know when I have the frontal lobes.
Magalie Marcellus: You're in
Magalie Marcellus: You don't notice anything different, or
Magalie Marcellus: I
Nicki Cummings: If I'm in a conversation
Nicki Cummings: If I'm going to cover my memories bad
Nicki Cummings: I do like
Nicki Cummings: That's how I do notice, I'll kind of like just space out for a minute and then someone's like, hello. We were talking. I'm like,
Nicki Cummings: Are you talking about like
Nicki Cummings: I just kind of
Nicki Cummings: I guess maybe Daydream what they think. But it's
Magalie Marcellus: Such a good because somebody else wouldn't notice that
Magalie Marcellus: But not so much you because in that
Nicki Cummings: Feeling that that's when I do notice is when I have a conversation
Nicki Cummings: That's
Nicki Cummings: How I know I'm having one. But if I mean every time I
Nicki Cummings: Wouldn't know
Uh huh.
Magalie Marcellus: So we have the contacts and also you have your new allergies appointment going on. And then you say the house and you go to application for housing. Yep.
Magalie Marcellus: You mentioned your boyfriend. How you guys doing
Magalie Marcellus: We're doing good has a really
Magalie Marcellus: Good. He's excited
Nicki Cummings: He doesn't want to get his hopes up. So, I mean, he hasn't ever had his own kid before
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, man.
Nicki Cummings: He wants to see paperwork.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Nicki Cummings: Brian right
Nicki Cummings: He's like, I believe it when I see it on the monitor.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm like, okay, that's fine.
Magalie Marcellus: Some people have to see proof for them to to believe stuff so
Nicki Cummings: It's really yeah
Nicki Cummings: I was like, he's like, where do you get pregnancy accurate pregnancy tests and like I took two accurate pregnancy tests. You've seen them well.
Nicki Cummings: Those are Kroger, and I was like, it doesn't matter if it's Dollar General
Nicki Cummings: Like dollar tree branch, they
Magalie Marcellus: Even times
Magalie Marcellus: When they pick up something right here. Right.
Right.
Nicki Cummings: Now they could do a false positive or false negative that would
Nicki Cummings: Be an accurate test, but they don't ever do false positives. You have to have HG eight, the genius of
Nicki Cummings: Others do it.
Nicki Cummings: But he's
Magalie Marcellus: He doesn't
Magalie Marcellus: Know about, wow.
Magalie Marcellus: Wait till Friday has to be educated and we for the, the official library can get
Magalie Marcellus: So anyway, joy that you're facing.
Nicki Cummings: Not right now.
Magalie Marcellus: Guess what, that's all of the sudden
Magalie Marcellus: So right now you have. Is it three kids that you have now. Oh, am I missing anybody
Magalie Marcellus: Quiet. So the
Nicki Cummings: More
Magalie Marcellus: You have three kids, oh yeah for kids.
It's
Nicki Cummings: For yeah I have assigned identical twin daughters and another daughter.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Evan. Has your son and the twins.
Nicki Cummings: She has all four of my kids.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, okay. All right. Thank you for clarifying because I have three what i thought i guess the twins. I didn't realize it was too. So the twins, our day.
Nicki Cummings: Five.
Magalie Marcellus: set of twins. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So five, then the youngest is for
Nicki Cummings: For
Nicki Cummings: All three of you said
Magalie Marcellus: For. Okay. Wow, that's so cool.
Magalie Marcellus: So early on, but are you feeling any sometimes anything does bothering you, with
Magalie Marcellus: Now morning, I can see
Nicki Cummings: The morning sickness morning sickness and
Nicki Cummings: tender breasts.
Magalie Marcellus: To tell you
Magalie Marcellus: I was about to ask you are you
Magalie Marcellus: Noticing
Magalie Marcellus: Am or sleeping, anything like that.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, the past week I've. Yeah, definitely.
Nicki Cummings: My boyfriend's like you don't ever sleep this much. I'm like, my body's going to change this, leave me alone.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, like
Nicki Cummings: I don't like being
Nicki Cummings: tired all the time.
Magalie Marcellus: When they that's all those normal sentence.
Nicki Cummings: Of pregnant right he's like you can stay awake for a movie. I'm like, I know.
Nicki Cummings: You're talking to your baby.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so hopefully next time I hear from you. You're going to have some of those things already set up and maybe you'll be close to it. So getting your
Magalie Marcellus: your driver's license, or have I have your driver's license.
Nicki Cummings: That would be amazing.
Magalie Marcellus: Now, do you have to do is just a
Magalie Marcellus: Visual type of writing.
Magalie Marcellus: The writing
Nicki Cummings: I have to do everything.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, but they won't let you take the writing test to to take the visual. So I have three
Nicki Cummings: Driver tests.
Nicki Cummings: They i mean
Nicki Cummings: Once you get your suspended license for known bi that you have to redo everything
Magalie Marcellus: Really. Wow.
Nicki Cummings: I add even take an eight hour drive or media class like
Magalie Marcellus: To drive
Magalie Marcellus: Us psycho you starting over.
Magalie Marcellus: So prior to that, how long
Magalie Marcellus: Did you have a license altogether.
Nicki Cummings: Um,
Nicki Cummings: I mean I had not ever had a ticket or anything before so
Magalie Marcellus: So how are you. I got your license.
Nicki Cummings: 18
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you had a for a few years.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: With while not issues.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: And I guess it states have their own laws, when it comes to drive and stuff because I hear a lot with Ohio.
Nicki Cummings: Ohio is traffic steals your license. Yeah, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Easy to
Nicki Cummings: They're definitely a traffic state they're they're bad
Nicki Cummings: I mean you other states don't like, have they don't put criminal charges on you for traffic violations Ohio can and does
Nicki Cummings: Like you can get a misdemeanor or felony for traffic violation.
Magalie Marcellus: Really, oh wow
Nicki Cummings: A lot of states don't have
Magalie Marcellus: Why, that's why. Especially with the fans are very high. I'm alone in Ohio. So a lot of people do have difficulty getting their license back to, to the fees.
Nicki Cummings: Right. Is that yeah I had to pay $2,000 in fines.
Magalie Marcellus: Wow.
Nicki Cummings: And I still owe reinstatement fees to the DMV almost $1,000 but they'll make let you make $50
Magalie Marcellus: Monthly payment arrangement. Oh, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah you want us to work but use has been people's license.
Nicki Cummings: Make them have to pay thousands of dollars to get it back, but how are they supposed to get it like
Nicki Cummings: I mean, they kind of make it impossible for people sometimes, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Do they have regular
Magalie Marcellus: Public transportation as an
Nicki Cummings: Hour, I am
Magalie Marcellus: They only have it in Columbus, okay. And you were with city are you in
Nicki Cummings: I'm in glanford it's in between New York and zanesville my grandma is 100 acre farm so like the closest neighbor is a mile and a half away.
Oh, wow.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you guys
Nicki Cummings: Yeah yeah
Magalie Marcellus: Any for I'm in being done.
Nicki Cummings: She runs out or fields.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, gotcha.
Nicki Cummings: So they do corn one year beans another year. And then she had
Nicki Cummings: Like 40 acres of woods, so
Magalie Marcellus: So did you grow up on a farm or will you guys in the city.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, I grew up out here. I love the city though I'd rather I'd rather much rather be in the city, but
Magalie Marcellus: In a city. Yeah. When sometimes good to be away from the most big cities so
Magalie Marcellus: When a works in especially if you can find, you know, decent employment and so what kind of work is available to you.
Magalie Marcellus: In those areas.
Nicki Cummings: where I'm at. Not much of anything I'd have to go to New York, that'd be the closest city you get work from but
Nicki Cummings: Really in all actuality it's, I'm going to have to go to Columbus. That's where all the good jobs are the higher paying jobs are so I'll probably go for something like hospitality like front desk service at a hotel.
Nicki Cummings: I've had a lot of job like
Nicki Cummings: Job I'm signed up with like limb pop and ZIP RECRUITER and stuff. And they're like, notify me every day of jobs, jobs that are near to you. And I look it up and it's in Columbus, like it. Yeah, that's so near
Nicki Cummings: 30 miles away. But yes, it's so close to me.
Magalie Marcellus: But if you're away.
Magalie Marcellus: Right, and then traffic would be horrible having to drive every day so
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, I'd be an hour there in our back
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, that's a lot.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you've done those type of work already in the past.
Nicki Cummings: I haven't already hotel work but i've been i've worked in doctor's office, the pharmacy.
Nicki Cummings: I've worked out like storage warehouses, I pretty much done.
Magalie Marcellus: Everything. So you have some experience. That's good.
Nicki Cummings: I have a lot of customer service experience.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm going to be please do you have that that should be help you get a decent job.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So any difficulty with the way
Magalie Marcellus: The program is going to help you stay on track any difficulty staying on track or any other issues that's come up since the last time he met with myself or we shall that we need to address.
Nicki Cummings: No.
Magalie Marcellus: No, and his name. Have you ever had any thought of self harm for any reason.
Magalie Marcellus: No, no. Okay, that's good.
Magalie Marcellus: Hope.
Magalie Marcellus: You know, hope everything works out for you, especially for that license. I know that's very important.
Magalie Marcellus: Especially if you need to get things done going right and
Magalie Marcellus: And to for you to stay in contact with your doctor with the pregnancy, you have a private doctor. Oh, do you go to a clinic.
Nicki Cummings: I, I have my first appointment on Friday so I
Nicki Cummings: I'll see what they have there. The last time you went to Riverside D. It was a clinic I saw someone different every time, but I don't know what they have now so
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so we're going is a place you haven't been going to, or is it a new
Nicki Cummings: Facility that I went to Riverside with my twins.
Nicki Cummings: But, um,
Nicki Cummings: So, I mean, it's been a while since I've been there but I didn't ever say
Nicki Cummings: Anything doctor. It was a clinic.
Nicki Cummings: Also different
Nicki Cummings: Whoever was on duty much so.
Okay.
Nicki Cummings: I don't know how they do it. Now it's been
Nicki Cummings: You know, five years so
Nicki Cummings: They have different offices set up now. So I'm going to be coming to a little bit closer office than what I originally was going to main hospital.
Nicki Cummings: Also I'll find out everything out Friday so
Magalie Marcellus: Friday tomorrow.
Nicki Cummings: Or next Friday.
Magalie Marcellus: Next Friday.
Nicki Cummings: I yeah
Magalie Marcellus: And Friday. Tomorrow is the
Nicki Cummings: neurologists neurologists, yep. Okay, perfect.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright.
Magalie Marcellus: Any questions for me. Anything else you need to address tonight.
No.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so
Nicki Cummings: We make another counseling payment in two weeks. Are you like
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, that's right. Now, let me take a look. Because I have a couple people.
Magalie Marcellus: On the books already
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, should be able to go then I'll be the night
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I can stock up at six o'clock. If that works for you.
Nicki Cummings: Okay, that's fine.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, alright. So I'll see you
Nicki Cummings: Until we march and it says
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, there's the Thursday and if anything
Magalie Marcellus: Does come up before. Before that, feel free to reach out to enable one of the camp counselor can let me know to schedule you in prior to that. Okay. Okay.
Nicki Cummings: So much
Magalie Marcellus: Let's see. Okay. Can you see
Magalie Marcellus: Yourself.
Nicki Cummings: Alright. Alright, thanks, bye.